src/posts/2024/2024-03-03-february-2024-checkin.md, before:

---
title: 'February 2024 Check-In'
date: '2024-03-03'
permalink: /posts/2024/03/03/february-2024-checkin/index.html
tags:
  - Monthly Check-In
  - Travel
  - Hobbies
  - Blazor
---

February wasn't a bad month. It did seem to go by a little quickly though.
<!-- excerpt -->

## New Work Project

At work, the new project has started. I was originally going to write it in React & TypeScript, but requirements have changed slightly, and I'll be writing it in [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor) instead. I've been working with Blazor at home on my league management side project and have been wanting to become more familiar with it, so this is a pretty sweet deal for me. I did end up having to throw some code out as I had already started in React, but a lot of the styling and HTML markup will translate over just about perfectly.

## Trip to Hershey

Towards the end of the month, Lauren and I went out to Hershey again. We spent a long weekend checking out some of the local breweries and distilleries. We had some good food, we had some good drink, and we had a good time. The weather was even nice for the end of February.

Also, at [Yah Brew](https://www.yahbrewco.com/home), I got to have a Strawberry Swirl Push Pop Sour, which did not look anything like a beer, but it was delicious all the same. Maybe one day I'll figure out how to brew it.

[picture of beer here]

## Hobby Scheduling

At the beginning of the month, I decided to try something new. I have a bunch of things I'd like to work on this year and am often trying to balance my time between them. So I decided I'd try [scheduling them](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/08/scheduling-my-hobbies/). In reality, it's more just assigning different days to work on different things. I've been spending my Mondays and Fridays on my side project, Tuesdays and Thursdays on writing, Wednesdays on TV & video games, and weekends as whatever I want to do.

I've generally done a good job on focusing my side projects and writing, but Wednesdays have devolved from TV & video games, to also whatever I want to work on. I've spent Wednesdays writing, and working on my side projects, but I think that's okay. It's giving me time to focus on what I want to work on and I think part of it is helping me feel like I'm not neglecting one thing over the other.

## Monthly Round-Up

**🏃🏼‍♂️ Fitness**

- **Running:** 17.8 miles ⬆️
- **Walking:** 5.89 miles ⬆️
- **Biking:** 0 miles ➡️
- **Lifting:** 82,166 lbs. ⬇️

**📚 Reading**

- Finished [Parallel Programming and Concurrency with C# and .NET 6](https://bookshop.org/p/books/parallel-programming-and-concurrency-with-c-10-and-net-6-a-modern-approach-to-building-faster-more-responsive-and-asynchronous-net-applications-alvin-/18757208?ean=9781803243672) by Alvin Ashcraft
- Finished [Sea of Tranquility](https://bookshop.org/p/books/sea-of-tranquility-emily-st-john-mandel/17768221?ean=9780593466735) by Emily St. John Mandel
- Finished [Pragmatic Test-Driven Development in C# and .NET](https://bookshop.org/p/books/pragmatic-test-driven-development-in-c-and-net-write-loosely-coupled-documented-and-high-quality-code-with-ddd-using-familiar-tools-and-libraries/18917559?ean=9781803230191) by Adam Tibi
- Finished [Catch-22](https://bookshop.org/p/books/catch-22-joseph-heller/7060234?ean=9781451626650) by Joseph Heller
- Started [Salem's Lot](https://bookshop.org/p/books/catch-22-joseph-heller/7060234?ean=9781451626650) by Stephen King

**✍🏻 Writing**

- Reading Log
  - [February 5 (#62)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/62/)
  - [February 12 (#63)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/63/)
  - [February 19 (#64)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/64/)
  - [February 26 (#65)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/65/)
- [What I Learned LINQ Deferred Query Execution](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/02/what-i-learned-linq-deferred-execution/)
- [Scheduling My Hobbies](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/08/scheduling-my-hobbies/)
- [What I Learned: HTML Dialog](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/09/what-i-learned-html-dialog/)
- [Starting with Test-Driven Development](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/09/starting-with-test-driven-development/)
- [I Love Seeing More Personal Sites](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/13/i-love-seeing-more-personal-sites/)
- [Finishing a Game and then Sadness...](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/15/finishing-a-game-and-then-sadness/)
- [Mozilla Needs to Focus on Firefox](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/15/mozilla-needs-to-focus-on-firefox/)
- [What I Learned: React Strict Mode](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/16/what-i-learned-react-strict-mode/)
- [Lunchtime Exercise](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/22/lunchtime-exercise/)
- [What I Learned: HTTP GET Requests in Blazor with a .NET Web API & MediatR Gotcha](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/23/what-i-learned-blazor-web-api-gotcha/)
- [Keeping My Phone Out of the Bedroom](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/28/keeping-my-phone-out-of-the-bedroom/)
- [Keeping My Phone Out of the Bedroom](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/28/keeping-my-phone-out-of-the-bedroom/)

**🎮 Gaming**

- Continued [Mass Effect](https://www.ea.com/games/mass-effect)

**📺 TV**

- Continued [The Sopranos](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0141842/)
- Continued [The Pacific](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0374463/)
- Continued [Good Eats](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0344651/)
- Continued [Death and Other Details](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt15439048/)

**🎬 Movies**

- Watched [Dark Shadows](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077368/)
- Started, but Couldn't Finish [Saltburn](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt17351924/)
- Watched [My Cousin Vinny](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104952)
- Watched [John Wick](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2911666/)

Commit message:

Added Blog Roll & Fixed Missing Image

src/posts/2024/2024-03-03-february-2024-checkin.md, after:

---
title: 'February 2024 Check-In'
date: '2024-03-03'
permalink: /posts/2024/03/03/february-2024-checkin/index.html
tags:
  - Monthly Check-In
  - Travel
  - Hobbies
  - Blazor
---

February wasn't a bad month. It did seem to go by a little quickly though.
<!-- excerpt -->

## New Work Project

At work, the new project has started. I was originally going to write it in React & TypeScript, but requirements have changed slightly, and I'll be writing it in [Blazor](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/apps/aspnet/web-apps/blazor) instead. I've been working with Blazor at home on my league management side project and have been wanting to become more familiar with it, so this is a pretty sweet deal for me. I did end up having to throw some code out as I had already started in React, but a lot of the styling and HTML markup will translate over just about perfectly.

## Trip to Hershey

Towards the end of the month, Lauren and I went out to Hershey again. We spent a long weekend checking out some of the local breweries and distilleries. We had some good food, we had some good drink, and we had a good time. The weather was even nice for the end of February.

Also, at [Yah Brew](https://www.yahbrewco.com/home), I got to have a Strawberry Swirl Push Pop Sour, which did not look anything like a beer, but it was delicious all the same. Maybe one day I'll figure out how to brew it.

{% image "./images/pink-beer.jpg", "A Strawberry Swirl Push Pop Sour from Yah Brew in a funky looking glass. The beer is pink." %}

## Hobby Scheduling

At the beginning of the month, I decided to try something new. I have a bunch of things I'd like to work on this year and am often trying to balance my time between them. So I decided I'd try [scheduling them](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/08/scheduling-my-hobbies/). In reality, it's more just assigning different days to work on different things. I've been spending my Mondays and Fridays on my side project, Tuesdays and Thursdays on writing, Wednesdays on TV & video games, and weekends as whatever I want to do.

I've generally done a good job on focusing my side projects and writing, but Wednesdays have devolved from TV & video games, to also whatever I want to work on. I've spent Wednesdays writing, and working on my side projects, but I think that's okay. It's giving me time to focus on what I want to work on and I think part of it is helping me feel like I'm not neglecting one thing over the other.

## Monthly Round-Up

**🏃🏼‍♂️ Fitness**

- **Running:** 17.8 miles ⬆️
- **Walking:** 5.89 miles ⬆️
- **Biking:** 0 miles ➡️
- **Lifting:** 82,166 lbs. ⬇️

**📚 Reading**

- Finished [Parallel Programming and Concurrency with C# and .NET 6](https://bookshop.org/p/books/parallel-programming-and-concurrency-with-c-10-and-net-6-a-modern-approach-to-building-faster-more-responsive-and-asynchronous-net-applications-alvin-/18757208?ean=9781803243672) by Alvin Ashcraft
- Finished [Sea of Tranquility](https://bookshop.org/p/books/sea-of-tranquility-emily-st-john-mandel/17768221?ean=9780593466735) by Emily St. John Mandel
- Finished [Pragmatic Test-Driven Development in C# and .NET](https://bookshop.org/p/books/pragmatic-test-driven-development-in-c-and-net-write-loosely-coupled-documented-and-high-quality-code-with-ddd-using-familiar-tools-and-libraries/18917559?ean=9781803230191) by Adam Tibi
- Finished [Catch-22](https://bookshop.org/p/books/catch-22-joseph-heller/7060234?ean=9781451626650) by Joseph Heller
- Started [Salem's Lot](https://bookshop.org/p/books/catch-22-joseph-heller/7060234?ean=9781451626650) by Stephen King

**✍🏻 Writing**

- Reading Log
  - [February 5 (#62)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/62/)
  - [February 12 (#63)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/63/)
  - [February 19 (#64)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/64/)
  - [February 26 (#65)](https://kpwags.com/reading-log/65/)
- [What I Learned LINQ Deferred Query Execution](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/02/what-i-learned-linq-deferred-execution/)
- [Scheduling My Hobbies](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/08/scheduling-my-hobbies/)
- [What I Learned: HTML Dialog](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/09/what-i-learned-html-dialog/)
- [Starting with Test-Driven Development](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/09/starting-with-test-driven-development/)
- [I Love Seeing More Personal Sites](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/13/i-love-seeing-more-personal-sites/)
- [Finishing a Game and then Sadness...](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/15/finishing-a-game-and-then-sadness/)
- [Mozilla Needs to Focus on Firefox](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/15/mozilla-needs-to-focus-on-firefox/)
- [What I Learned: React Strict Mode](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/16/what-i-learned-react-strict-mode/)
- [Lunchtime Exercise](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/22/lunchtime-exercise/)
- [What I Learned: HTTP GET Requests in Blazor with a .NET Web API & MediatR Gotcha](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/23/what-i-learned-blazor-web-api-gotcha/)
- [Keeping My Phone Out of the Bedroom](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/28/keeping-my-phone-out-of-the-bedroom/)
- [Keeping My Phone Out of the Bedroom](https://kpwags.com/posts/2024/02/28/keeping-my-phone-out-of-the-bedroom/)

**🎮 Gaming**

- Continued [Mass Effect](https://www.ea.com/games/mass-effect)

**📺 TV**

- Continued [The Sopranos](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0141842/)
- Continued [The Pacific](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0374463/)
- Continued [Good Eats](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0344651/)
- Continued [Death and Other Details](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt15439048/)

**🎬 Movies**

- Watched [Dark Shadows](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077368/)
- Started, but Couldn't Finish [Saltburn](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt17351924/)
- Watched [My Cousin Vinny](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104952)
- Watched [John Wick](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2911666/)
