---
title: "Week Notes for May 17 - 23 (#100)"
description: "My week notes for the week of May 17 through May 23."
date: '2026-05-24T11:48:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/100/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Weather
  - Book Club
  - Books
  - Reading
---
My 100th week note, almost kind of wish there was more to this week.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Too Damned Hot for May

Monday through Wednesday, the weather here was miserable. Mid-to-high 90 degree weather. It's too hot, *especially* for mid-May. Needless to say, we stayed inside in our air conditioning most of the day. Even at midnight Monday and Tuesday when I was leaving the hockey rink after games, the heat and humidity were oppressive.

## Busy Week

It was a busy week in the evenings. I had two late hockey games Monday and Tuesday. Then book club Thursday. I fortunately was able to have normal bedtimes Wednesday on, but it wasn't a week where I could just sit around and relax every night.

## Book Club

I went to my first book club Thursday night. It was for [Star Wars: From a Certain Point of View](https://bookshop.org/p/books/from-a-certain-point-of-view-star-wars-meg-cabot/35b6a6d65cbee309). It was a fun discussion with lots of Star Wars-y tangents. I'll be missing the next one due to my birthday, but I'll probably go back in July.

## Memorial Day Weekend

It's a 3-day weekend for Memorial Day here in the states. Again, we're kind of trapped inside as it rained Friday and Saturday, and is looking like rain all weekend. Taking Tess out for walks has been fun.

## Cooking

## Instant Pot Tex-Mex Beef Stew

I found [this recipe](https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/instant-pot-tex-mex-beef-stew-3894813) in one of my Food Network magazines and decided it was worth a try. It was pretty easy to make and it turned out well. I'd recommend it if you have an instant pot. Even with the poblano pepper and the spices, it wasn't too spicy, though you could probably add some jalapenos and hot sauce should you want to add a little heat.
