---
title: "Week Notes for June 14 - 27 (#104)"
description: "My week notes for the week of June 14 through June 27."
date: '2026-06-28T13:40:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/104/index.html
tags:
  - Fitness
  - Health
  - Weight Loss
  - Exercise
  - New York City
  - Travel
---
I missed last week as my wife and I went to New York City last weekend to celebrate my birthday.
<!-- excerpt -->

## New York City

We spent almost a week in New York City for my birthday. I wish we could say we did a lot, but we really just took it as a little vacation. We started off each day with coffee and a pastry in Bryant Park reading and relaxing. Afternoons were spent wandering the city. The weather was perfect. We checked out some used book stores, some craft breweries, and even found a really nice [gin bar](https://www.valerienewyorkcity.com).

## Fitness and Health Push

I'm going to a wedding in August and tried on my nice black suit only to find that the pants no longer fit. Uh oh. Well, I went out and got a new dark grey suit for the wedding, but I don't like the fact that I don't fit into that suit anymore. After getting back from New York City, I've made a much more conscious decision to better check my diet and cut back on the snacking. A week does not make a habit, but my goal is to be able to fit into the suit by the end of the year. Given that I'm not that far from fitting into the pants, I think it's doable.

From a physical activity perspective, I've been good as well. I've alternated between running and strength training each day and to put in perspective how bad I've been this year with a strength training routine this year, I've lifted more this month than any other month this year despite most of my sessions being this last week.

## Cooking

### Chicken Harvest Bowl

I made [this recipe](https://damndelicious.net/2025/12/05/chicken-harvest-bowl-sweetgreen-copycat/) Thursday and was pleasantly surprised with how good it turned out. The only change was that I stupidly misread the recipe, missing the "sweet potato" part and got regular potatoes for it. It didn't matter, even with regular potatoes it was delicious. It felt a little involved with all the cutting and dicing, but it turned out well and didn't take all that long. It might end up turning into a weekend meal though.