---
title: "Week Notes for June 28 - July 4 (#105)"
description: "My week notes for the week of June 28 through July 4."
date: '2026-07-05T10:18:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/105/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Heat Wave
---
It was a brutally hot week here in southeastern Pennsylvania. I'm glad the heat wave seems to be lifting.
<!-- excerpt -->

### Bad Week for Hockey

I played four games this week, including back to backs on both Monday and Thursday. Unfortunately all of them were losses. The games on Thursday were a little rough as we were short skaters because of the 4th of July holiday and vacations. I was pretty sore the day after which ended up having some good timing as it brought us into a heat wave.

### Heat Wave

Thursday through Saturday was a brutally hot heat wave hitting triple digits. It's been miserable. Our central air conditioning was not able to keep up with it and our house was hanging out in the mid-80s. We had a ton of fans going and it was absolutely miserable. The heat made me feel incredibly lazy and not wanting to do much of anything. Even the nights were hot. I generally need cooling to sleep well, so it's been a rough few days. I might have to call the HVAC company we normally go with to see if there's something wrong with the system or if it just can't handle things. Because if it can't handle this, I might be buying a portable unit or two to handle these extremes since they're going to become more frequent.

## Cooking

### Korean BBQ Garlic Pork Belly

I made [this recipe](https://lcarecipes.com/korean-bbq-garlic-pork-belly/) on Friday. Unfortunately it was too hot to go outside to grill them, but I tried the oven and they still turned out well. I think I'll definitely make them again, hopefully not in the middle of a heat wave where I can't go outside. For the record, I baked them in the oven at 350ºF (177ºC) for about 45 minutes.