---
title: "Week Notes for July 5 - 11 (#106)"
description: "My week notes for the week of July 5 through July 11."
date: '2026-07-12T14:13:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/106/index.html
tags:
  - Weather
  - Heat Wave
  - Running
  - Fitness
  - MacOS
  - MacOS Tahoe
  - Work
---
It was a quiet week without much going on. The weather thankfully cooled off so I had that gong on for me.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Weather Cooled Off Some

Thankfully, the brutal heat wave we suffered through this weekend broke Monday. I was even able to get some runs in this week without feeling like I was dying from the heat. Considering how bad it was at the end of last week, I'll take it.

## Disliking macOS Tahoe

So somehow, despite me being 99% sure I didn't choose to upgrade to Tahoe, my MacBook Pro got updated to Tahoe. I strongly dislike it. Liquid Glass was bad enough on iOS, Tahoe is just ugly as sin. Fortunately everything seems to be working, but I was planning on staying on Sequoia until Apple stopped supporting it or an app I needed stopped supporting it. I'm annoyed, but so far not annoyed enough to figure out how to downgrade.

## New Projects at Work

I was added to a new team at work so now I have some new projects to learn. Should be interesting at least. I spent the latter half of the week going through the documentation and some of the code to get me familiarized with it. I'm hoping to be able to do a good job hitting the ground running.

## Cooking

### Ricotta Gnocchi With Leeks and Peas

I had a package of gnocchi leftover that had to be used by mid-July so I tried adjusting [this recipe](https://www.washingtonpost.com/recipes/ricotta-gnocchi-leeks-peas/) to use the store-bought gnocchi rather than making the gnocchi myself as the recipe called for. It was fine. I'll fully admit that the homemade gnocchi made with ricotta might've made it better, but I'm still not sure about how the sauce was.