---
title: "Week Notes for July 12 - 18 (#107)"
description: "My week notes for the week of July 12 through July 18."
date: '2026-07-19T15:01:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/107/index.html
tags:
  - Wildfires
  - Smoky
  - AQI
  - Strength Training
  - Lifting
  - Fitness
  - Writing
  - Menzingers
  - Music
---
It was a quiet week, spent mostly indoors due to the wildfire smoke.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Smoky

We spent a lot of time indoors this week thanks to the Canadian wildfires and the smoke that settled over southeastern Pennsylvania and the northeastern United States as a whole. The air quality was horrible and I could smell the smoke the few times I was outside. I'm hoping it clears soon.

## New Strength Training Routine

Staying inside, but still wanting to stay active, I decided to again go back to the gym. Sadly this has been a growing trend with my inability to get back into a lifting routine. I'm going back to a 5/3/1-based routine and am hoping that I can stick with it. One week in it's been good, but one week a routine does not make.

## Re-Organizing My Writing Folder

I re-organized my writing folder structure to hopefully be able to better capture the ideas for posts and other writings. I [wrote about struggling to find ideas](/posts/2026/wishing-i-always-had-topics-to-write-about/) so it only seems right for me to make it easier for me to capture ideas, links, and thoughts for posts.

## New Menzingers Album

The Menzingers released [Everything I Ever Saw](https://music.apple.com/us/album/everything-i-ever-saw/1890115623) on Friday and I'm hooked. I love the album and am waiting for the vinyl to arrive.

## Cooking

### Boneless Country-Style Pork Ribs

We had picked up some country-style boneless pork ribs a little while back and hadn't figured out what to do with them. Finally I decided to add them to the menu this past week. I found [this recipe](https://www.gritsandpinecones.com/country-style-pork-ribs/) and they turned out well. Definitely reminded me of baby back ribs, but without the bones.