---
title: "Week Notes for October 27 - November 9 (#23)"
date: '2024-11-10T18:10:24.231Z'
permalink: /week-note/23/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of October 27 through November 9, 2024. A double issue due to my trip last weekend."
tags:
  - Halloween
  - Travel
  - Politics
  - Writing
  - NaNoWriMo
  - The Last of Us
  - Video Games
---

My week notes for the week of October 27 through November 9, 2024. A double issue due to my trip last weekend
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Halloween

My wife and I sat out on our porch this year to hand out candy to the kids. Normally we bring out the firepit to the driveway to have a fire going, but with the exceptionally dry fall and burn ban, that was sadly off the table. Either way, we didn’t get all that many trick-or-treaters which felt a bit disappointing.

### Cape May Trip

The reason I didn’t post notes last week was that my wife and I spent a long weekend in Cape May, New Jersey. We stayed at Congress Hall which is a beautiful old seaside resort. We checked out the local wineries and enjoyed the nice weather. I was even able to bring out my DSLR and take some photos around town. I’ll have to go through and organize them sometime soon. Maybe it will spur me to finally finish my photography site as well.

### Nightmare of Trump’s 2nd Term

The morning after the election, we awoke to the awful, but unsurprising news of Trump getting elected to a second term. The long and short of it is that this is absolutely awful and will likely set us back a generation, if not longer. I’m still numb from it.

### Writing

Despite the NaNoWriMo organization buying into the AI slop, I’m still going to spend this month working on my novel. My goal is to hit 30,000 more words by the end of the month. I figure 1,000 words a day should be mostly doable. Though with the election outcome screwing my mind up and distracting my focus, we’ll see how I manage. Mental health is important and I’m not going to make myself more miserable for it.

### The Last of Us, Part II

I finally got around to starting this and so far I think I like it better than the first one. I’m enjoying the gameplay and story. I’m about 7 hours into it and it has me hooked.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="Building My Resume in HTML using Eleventy" url="https://michaelengen.com/posts/my-eleventy-resume/" author="Michael Engen">
I’ve been tempted to do something along these lines on my site. Michael goes through how he built it, and it looks like something 11ty is nicely suited for.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
