---
title: "Week Notes for December 29 to January 4 (#31)"
date: '2025-01-05T22:39:23.087Z'
permalink: /week-note/31/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of December 29, 2024 - January 4, 2025."
tags:
  - Music
  - Concerts
  - Running
  - Fitness
  - Focus
---
My week notes for the week of December 29, 2024 - January 4, 2025.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Unseasonably Warm Weather

The weather warmed this week into the 50s and 60s. Sunday I took advantage and went to Valley Forge for a run. Managed to run 5 miles with a sub-11 minute pace which is kind of crazy considering how hilly it is in comparison to what I normally run. I followed it up with another 5 mile run on Monday. This nice weather (probably?) won't hold, so I'm going to take advantage.

### Menzingers Concert

[The Menzingers](https://themenzingers.com), who are one of my favorite bands, were playing back-to-back shows at The Ardmore Music Hall on the 30th and 31st to bring in the new year. My wife and I went to the show on the 30th with [Crossed Keys](https://crossedkeys.net) and [Gladie](https://www.gladie.net). The show was fun and loud. I've started going back through all the concerts I've gone to, and I think the count for The Menzingers is now at 8.

### A Quiet New Year’s Eve

My wife and I generally try to stay in on New Year’s Eve. We don’t really want to have to deal with being out with all the crowds, figuring out how we’re getting to wherever it is we want to go to, and also dealing with those who might not be making smart decisions driving home. To make it simple, we just stay at home cuddled on the couch watching a movie or TV series, reading, or just being in each other’s company. It works for us. This year was more of the same.

### Back to Work

Whether I liked it or not, my time off ended and I had to go back to work on Thursday. Thankfully there weren’t really any big items that came up while I was gone so I was able to ease myself back in.

### Increasing My Focus

One thing I’ve noticed over the last several years was that it’s been increasingly easy to get distracted when I’m trying to get things done. A lot of it comes from my iPhone and social media. After reading [Digital Minimalism](https://bookshop.org/p/books/digital-minimalism-choosing-a-focused-life-in-a-noisy-world-cal-newport/12081448?ean=9780525536512) by Cal Newport, I think I’m going to try to follow some of his advice and try to be more intentional with my use of my smart phone and social media. We’ll see how it goes.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="Elon Musk and the right’s war on Wikipedia" url="https://www.citationneeded.news/elon-musk-and-the-rights-war-on-wikipedia/" author="Molly White">
	Yet another assault on the truth from conservatives. Molly does a good job writing about debunking their assaults on Wikipedia as well as the truth behind how Wikipedia operates.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
