---
title: "Week Notes for January 5 - 11 (#32)"
date: '2025-01-12T15:23:29.828Z'
permalink: /week-note/32/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of January 5 through January 11"
tags:
  - Weather
  - Audiobooks
  - Focus
  - Productivity
---
My week notes for the week of January 5 through January 11.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Bitterly Cold

This whole week has been bitterly cold out with a couple days of snow. The snow hasn’t been bad, neither day even hit 2 inches, and much of it melted later in the sun, but the wind has been bad. Despite the cold, I did brave it for some walks and a run.

### Regaining Focus

I mentioned this past week that I am taking a break from social media. A week doesn’t make a trend, but I have been able to better focus on writing, my side projects, and even tackling my RSS feeds. I just got my weekly iPhone usage report and my average daily screen time is down a full hour.

### Audiobooks

At the end of last year, I tried an [audiobook](/books/annie-jacobsen-nuclear-war/) for the first time and didn’t hate the experience like I had years ago. I opted to give [another](/books/tom-nichols-the-death-of-expertise/) a try and had another good experience. I definitely prefer reading books over listening, but I’m happy to know that they’re an option for me which is good since the library has plenty of them through Libby.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="‘We’re Fine’: Lying to Ourselves About a Climate Disaster" url="https://www.404media.co/were-fine-los-angeles-wildfires/" author="Jason Koebler">
  Scary thoughts from someone in the path of the destructive fires. The situation is only going to get worse.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Who killed Google Reader?" url="https://www.theverge.com/23778253/google-reader-death-2013-rss-social" author="David Pierce">
  I’m still sad about Google Reader and what it could have been, but I actually think I like Feedbin and my current setup better. This is still a good read about the history of Google Reader and it’s odd place within the company prior to them killing it.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Knowing CSS is mastery to Frontend Development" url="https://helloanselm.com/writings/knowing-css-is-mastery-to-frontend-development" author="Anselm Hannemann">
  Frameworks come and go, the core of web development, HTML & CSS are forever.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="CSS Display Contents" url="https://ishadeed.com/article/display-contents/" author="Ahmad Shadeed">
  I didn’t even know <code>display: contents</code> existed. Another good writeup of CSS functionality by Ahmad.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}