---
title: "Week Notes for January 19 - 25 (#34)"
date: '2025-01-26T19:17:30.233Z'
permalink: /week-note/34/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of January 19 through January 25."
tags:
  - Pets
  - AI
  - House
---
My week notes for the week of January 19 through January 25.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Getting Used to Being a Dog Owner Again

Our previous dog, Otto, passed away in December 2021. Now that we have Tess, we've been getting her accustomed to us, and getting us accustomed to her. We've been doing 6:30am walks every morning (oof), and this week was particularly ***oofy*** as it was in the single digits most mornings. We think she's starting to get used to her new home, she's very energetic and playful. We also found out the hard way that she is athletic enough to jump our fence in the backyard. Which means we are now in the process of figuring out the best way to increase its height. Fun.

### Dishwasher Installation

Saturday our new dishwasher arrived. I got it installed and was pleasantly surprised with how simple it was to install. There are really only 3 connections needed so I wasn't really anticipating anything too difficult, but with everything else I've had to do around the house over the years, I expected the worst.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="On blogging, substacking (?), and owning digital real estate" url="https://manuelmoreale.com/on-blogging-substacking-and-owning-digital-real-estate" author="Manuel Moreale">
  If you write with Substack, do yourself a favor and move to your own domain. It'll be far better in the long run.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Developer Creates Infinite Maze That Traps AI Training Bots" url="https://www.404media.co/developer-creates-infinite-maze-to-trap-ai-crawlers-in/" author="Jason Koebler">
  If AI companies were ethical and actually paid attention to site's robots.txt file, I might feel a little differently. As it stands, mess with them as much as possible.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Introducing o(m)g:image" url="https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2024/omgimg/" author="Jim Nielsen">
  Good titles and metadata are better than social post images any day of the week.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
