---
title: "Week Notes for May 18 - 24 (#51)"
date: '2025-05-25T18:39:09.043Z'
permalink: /week-note/51/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of May 18 through May 24"
tags:
  - Injuries
  - Wags Fitness Repository
  - Fitness
  - Sean Voisen
  - Mozilla
  - Pocket
  - Productivity
---
My week notes for the week of May 18 through May 24.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Hip Bothering Me

Sunday night's hockey game was an embarrassing loss, but I came out of it with some hip discomfort. It's happened before, though never quite like this. Normally I feel it when I tweak it, but I was fine after the game. It wasn't until Monday morning that it started bothering me. Needless to say, it's bothered me most of the week and has limited my exercise. I haven't been able to run, though with all the rain, I probably wouldn't have run much anyway. It's limited the lengths of my walks with Tess, and I've been hesitant to do my next legs day at the gym. Hopefully some more rest helps it.

### Working on My Fitness Repository

I've been making good progress on my fitness repository. Like my media repository, it's going to be a small Node API with an HTML/CSS/Vanilla JS frontend. I'm hoping it could replace my spreadsheets.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="My 'stop doing list'" url="https://seanvoisen.com/stream/2025-05-23-stop-doing-list/" author="Sean Voisen">
  I like this idea. There's always so many things we try to say we'll start doing. Focusing on what we want to <em>stop</em> doing could prove helpful.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Pocket is saying goodbye - What you need to know" url="https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/future-of-pocket" author="Mozilla">
  Pocket was the first "read it later" service I used. It was good with what it did. I've switched to Instapaper a little while back, but for the life of me, I forget why. It's sad to see this shutdown. It'd be nice if they turned their focus to Firefox, but I'm not holding my breath.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}