---
title: "Week Notes for June 8 - 14 (#54)"
date: '2025-06-15T16:32:23.218Z'
permalink: /week-note/54/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of June 8 through June 14."
tags:
  - Gardening
  - Hockey
  - Site Updates
  - Personal Sites
  - Star Wars
  - Web Development
  - Accessibility
  - Jim Nielsen
  - Stephanie Walter
  - Mike Brock
  - Molly White
---
My week notes for the week of June 8 through June 14.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Garden Work

After finding Habanadas at the local farmer’s market last year, I wanted to try planting a garden this year. I’m not sure if I’m late to the party, but I got some raised garden beds and planted some squash and peppers. I hope it’s not too late in the season, but we shall see. I put them in the fenced in area hoping that might stop the wandering deer in our area.

### Re-Organizing Week Notes

As I mentioned, I decided to do a little re-organizing on my site, making week notes their own 11ty collection like my notes & reading logs. I’m hoping it will make things a little easier for me organization-wise moving forward.

### Lots of Hockey

I had games Monday and Wednesday this week. It’s unusual to have games so close together. We’re also dealing with a lot of players traveling, so playing short-handed is never fun. Both were tight games. We tied 2-2 on Monday and lost 4-2 on Wednesday, but we played hard despite the short bench.

### On a Little Bit of a Star Wars Kick

After watching *Andor*, I'm a little bit on a Star Wars kick. I'm finally sitting down to watch *The Clone Wars* animated series, which led to my wife and I deciding to re-watch Episodes 1 and 2. So much Star Wars content. I remember growing up and only having the original trilogy. It felt awesome to get the prequel trilogy. Now we have the sequel trilogy, some one-off movies, and countless TV series.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="How to Convince People to Care and Invest in Accessibility" url="https://stephaniewalter.design/blog/how-to-convince-people-to-care-and-invest-in-accessibility/" author="Stéphanie Walter">
  A good talk about the importance of accessibility in web design.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Webkit’s New Color Picker as an Example of Good Platform Defaults" url="https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2025/better-platform-defaults-color-picker/" author="Jim Nielsen">
  A nice reminder of how powerful the default controls browsers and operating systems can provide.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="A Manufactured Crisis: How A Few Hooligans In LA Became The Pretext For Military Rule" url="https://www.techdirt.com/2025/06/12/a-manufactured-crisis-how-a-few-hooligans-in-la-became-the-pretext-for-military-rule/" author="Mike Brock">
  What's going on in LA might only be the start. Context is important.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="It matters. I care." url="https://www.citationneeded.news/it-matters-i-care/" author="Molly White">
  It can be easy to just throw your hands up in despair given everything going on around you. Giving in is what the authoritarian fascist shitheads want you to do. It's nice to be reminded that people do care and pushing back against the lies and deception is important. Don't give in. Don't give up.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
