---
title: "Week Notes for July 6 - 12 (#58)"
date: '2025-07-13T23:37:04.512Z'
permalink: /week-note/58/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of July 6 through July 12."
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Development
  - Science
  - Ethan Siegel
  - Evan Hahn
  - Pedro Tavares
---
My week notes for the week of July 6 through July 12.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Another Short Week

I took Monday & Tuesday off from work to give myself a long weekend. It was nice to have a long break. I was able to clean up a backlog of articles I had saved to read, spent time on my media and fitness repositories, and relaxed.

### Hockey Tournament

I've been in a hockey tournament this weekend at my local rink. 4-5 Games over the course of 3 days. I've been having fun through the first 3 games. Another funny thing is that I had a game Wednesday and have a game on Monday & Tuesday which will mean I'll have played 7-8 games in 7 days. My legs will not be happy with me.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="American science to soon face its largest brain drain in history" url="https://bigthink.com/starts-with-a-bang/american-science-brain-drain/" author="Ethan Siegel">
  It's somewhat ironic that one of MAGA's common slogans is "America First". This will likely cause so much scientific research that would ordinarily be spearheaded in America, to now be spearheaded elsewhere, if at all. I wonder what next breakthrough is going to be found far later than it could have and how many lives will be negatively affected.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="How I build software quickly" url="https://evanhahn.com/how-i-build-software-quickly/" author="Evan Hahn">
  Prototypes, prototypes, prototypes. It's a good way of looking at things. Build quickly to see if what you're thinking can actually work. Then go back and clean up the code to make it clean, testable, and maintainable.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Writing Code Was Never The Bottleneck" url="https://ordep.dev/posts/writing-code-was-never-the-bottleneck" author="Pedro Tavares">
  Being able to release good software means being able to maintain the codebase and identify and fix the inevitable bugs. Swapping out "slow" human developers for AI tooling isn't really going to get you where you think you're going.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
