---
title: "Week Notes for August 3 - 9 (#62)"
date: '2025-08-10T19:01:03.221Z'
permalink: /week-note/62/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of August 3 through August 9."
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Lifting
  - Strength Training
  - Fitness
  - Mindfulness
  - Screen Time
  - 11ty
  - Next.js
  - Dan Webb
  - AI
  - Gergely Orosz
---
My week notes for the week of August 3 through August 9.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Notes

### Plenty of Time in Net

I ended up playing in net 3 days this week. Monday was my usual weekly game and I played like crud. We ended up losing 6-3. I got asked by a teammate to fill in for his C2 game the next night. I play in C4 and I-League. Both are 2+ skill levels lower than I’m used to playing in. It was noticeably faster than I’m used to, but I held my own and we won 6-4, although I’m going to chalk most of that up to the team in front of me. Still though, I kept them in it which is my goal.

The week of hockey was finished up with 2 straight hours of open hockey. My legs were killing me by the end of the session. It didn’t help that I did deadlifts the day before.

### Changing Up My Lifting Program

I’ve been reading (listening to) [A Physical Education: How I Escaped Diet Culture and Gained the Power of Lifting](https://bookshop.org/p/books/the-heavy-lift-how-learning-to-lift-weights-helped-me-build-every-kind-of-strength-casey-johnston/21552643) by Casey Johnston and it’s inspired me to delve back into lifting more. I’ve often skipped out on strength training lately because it’s legs day and I don’t like legs days. I would opt for a run instead. Now I think I’m going to try to keep myself in an every other day rhythm and make sure I get my lifts in.

### Keeping Screen Time Low

I’ve been trying to stay off my phone more for close to 3 weeks now and I feel like I’m generally doing a good job limiting my screen time and endless scrolling. I’m generally hovering around 1.25 hours a day on my phone. I wish I could have a better comparison to where I was prior to my change, but Apple does some weird calculations for screen time where they include time the always-on screen is on, even if all it is doing is displaying the clock.

Regardless of where I was, I generally feel more focused and in the moment now that I’m generally keeping my phone away from me to help limit the temptation.

## Interesting Links

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<shared-link title="We migrated our site to Eleventy and increased performance by 24%" url="https://etch.co/blog/we-migrated-our-site-to-eleventy-and-increased-performance-by-24-percent" author="Dan Webb">
  I’m amazed at how much faster my site now feels using 11ty having switched from Next.js as well. Nice little write-up here of an even bigger site moving over.
</shared-link>

<shared-link title="Cursor makes developers less effective?" url="https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/cursor-makes-developers-less-effective/" author="Gergely Orosz">
  Interesting results from a study developers and AI tools.
</shared-link>
{% endrenderTemplate %}
