---
title: "Week Notes for September 28 - October 4  (#70)"
date: '2025-10-05T15:13:50.692Z'
permalink: /week-note/70/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of September 28 through October 4."
tags:
  - Music
  - Bandcamp Friday
  - Personal Site
---
My week notes for the week of September 28 through October 4.
<!-- excerpt -->

It was mostly a quiet week. Work, some relaxation, reading, then bed...rinse and repeat. Sometimes you need those kind of weeks though.

## Music

Friday was [Bandcamp Friday](https://daily.bandcamp.com/features/bandcamp-fridays). Bandcamp runs a promo the first Friday of some months where 100% of the money spent goes to the artists (the next one is Friday 12/5). I try to purchase an album or two to support artists. This month I ended up buying a few albums from [Catbite](https://catbite.bandcamp.com/) and [Free Throw](https://freethrowemo.bandcamp.com/). They opened for The Menzingers at the concert last week and I liked what I heard. I’ve been enjoying the albums. I might get more of their music down the line.

I also finally got some better speakers for my stereo system. I picked up a pair of [Sony SS-CS5M2 Bookshelf Speakers](https://electronics.sony.com/audio/speakers/home-theater-speakers/p/sscs5m2). I had a pair of cheap speakers for who knows how long, so having some nicer sounding ones provides a better experience.

## Site Redesign

I’ve been making some good progress this week on my site’s (slight) redesign. I’ve moved onto my media pages. Most of the styling is going to be similar here, but I’m looking into cleaning up the code. Once the media pages are done and cleaned up, the last part will be my notes page. I’m still trying to figure out how to best design and style it. We’ll see how it goes and if it ends up causing  me to revisit other pages. It’s been a running trend, build something out, move onto the next and like a slightly different design that needs to be re-applied to other pages. It’s fun to always mess around with my site though, so I don’t mind.