---
title: "Week Notes for October 5 - 11 (#71)"
date: '2025-10-12T21:28:58.9Z'
permalink: /week-note/71/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of October 5 through October 11."
tags:
  - Guitar
  - Phillies
  - Flyers
  - Eagles
  - Sports
  - Personal Site
---
It was a quiet week, and a miserable one for my sports teams.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Bad Week for Philly Sports

Woo boy. It was a bad week for Philly sports. The Phillies lost in the NLDS to the Dodgers by deciding that hitting the baseball wasn't all that important. The Eagles dropped 2 to the Broncos and then the Giants, looking bad in both. There's always the Flyers...oh wait, they lost their first 2 games of the season.

This is the Philly sports fandom I'm used to.

## Personal Site Coming Together

The last bits of my redesign or rebuild are getting worked on. I feel better about the code base and how things are built. From a design perspective, it won't be a huge change from what it looks like today, so the redesign isn't so much an overhaul as it is a series of what I think are positive tweaks.

## Fixing my Acoustic Guitar

Friday I went to re-string my acoustic guitar only to find that the nut (the little plastic piece at the top of the neck that help guide the strings down the guitar) came off the neck. I guess I can't say I'm surprised as I noticed that it had slid out of place earlier. I think the tension of the strings was the only thing keeping it in place.

I made my first attempt to fix it by just super gluing it back on. We'll see how that holds.

It might explain some oddities while playing.