---
title: "Week Notes for October 26 - November 1  (#73)"
date: '2025-11-02T15:28:01.699Z'
permalink: /week-note/73/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of October 26 through November 1."
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Fitness
  - Diet
  - Site Updates
  - Halloween
  - Writing
  - Cooking
---
After a week off on vacation, getting back into the grind of the real world is kind of a letdown.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Back to Work

Had a full week of work. I like my job, but I still miss being on vacation.

## Back to Back Hockey Games

After missing 2 games on vacation, I ended up playing twice Monday night. I subbed for another team and had a shutout going until the final minute when they snuck one in. Won 5-1 anyway, though it was mostly because of solid defensive play in front of me.

Second game was for my team. We won 7-6 after a 3rd period comeback. I played like crap most of the game, but got bailed out by my teammates with 6 goals in the final period.

## Cracking Down Some

As [mentioned](/posts/2025/10/31/cracking-down-again/), my weight has been ticking up so it's time to be a little more cognizant of my diet. Life's too short to give up everything, but still gotta try to eat a bit healthier.

## Site Updates Out

I finished my site update and deployed it. The changes aren't extensive, but I like how the code is organized better. Let me know if you notice anything off.

## Halloween

It was a chilly, windy night, but my wife and I sat on our porch to give out candy. We even had Tess out with us for a while until she got bored and seemed to want to go inside. We didn't have that many kids this year so we have way too much candy left over. My goal of cracking down on my diet will be tested.

## Novel Writing

I'm going to try again to focus on my novel this November. I tried last year, but Trump's election sort of screwed up my focus. It's not all that great this year, but we'll see how it goes. My goal isn't so much to finish it, so much as it is to write 1,200 words a day with a 36,000 word goal for the month. I figure that's doable and would get a good chunk of words to paper, which is what it's all about.

## Cooking

I'm going to try adding some of the things I've been cooking. I've been trying to cook new recipes more and figured maybe share some of what I've been trying.

### Ropa Vieja

I tried a new slow cooker meal this week. I tried a [Ropa Vieja](https://www.themagicalslowcooker.com/slow-cooker-ropa-vieja/) dish (minus the olives). It was fine. It turned out well but didn't particularly *wow* me. It was an easy meal though which had that going for it. Made a lot for leftovers as well which is appreciated.