---
title: "Week Notes for November 2 - 8 (#74)"
date: '2025-11-09T16:41:56.891Z'
permalink: /week-note/74/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of November 2 through November 8."
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Writing
  - Side Projects
  - Expedition 33
---
It was a quiet week at home. My wife was away for work for most of it so it was just me and Tess holding down the fort.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Home Alone

It's not very often I have the house to myself for a length of time. My wife was away for work so I was left to hold down the fort at home with Tess. It was a quiet week, but I celebrated Tess' 2nd birthday by giving her extra love and treats.

## Hockey

I had back-to-back nights of hockey Monday & Tuesday. Monday's game I was in net and we won 5-1. It was a fantastic team effort, everyone playing well.

Tuesday's game was a rough 4-1 loss. They took advantage of some mistakes in the 2nd period and we struggled to get passes and make good on our opportunities.

## Writing and Side Project Distractions

I started out the month well with writing, but have since slackened off a bit. I got distracted starting back up on a side project and have dedicated a little too much time on that.

## Completed Expedition 33

I ended up completing Expedition 33 in the nick of time. I enjoyed it but kind of felt like I missed out some on the story since I took such long breaks between play sessions. It was on sale in the PlayStation store though, so I did pick it up. Might do another play through to have a better experience.

## Cooking

### Impossible Chili

Since it was only me, I was a little lazy and just made chili in the slow cooker. I used Impossible ground beef rather than actual ground beef. I've made it before, but this time around it didn't turn out the greatest. It tasted like it needed a little more time despite it being in the slow cooker for 8 hours.