---
title: "Week Notes for November 30 - December 6  (#77)"
date: '2025-12-07T16:20:32.971Z'
permalink: /week-note/77/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of November 30 through December 6."
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Fitness
  - Running
  - Lifting
  - Strength Training
---
I can't believe its already December. Where has the year gone. The Christmas season is upon me and it already feels like it's going to fly by.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Back-to-Back Hockey Nights

I ended up having hockey games back-to-back nights again. Thankfully the first night was a shockingly-early 7pm game. Those are almost unheard of. We ended up losing Sunday's game 1-0, but we were playing one of the top teams in our division and we held with them all game thanks to a great game by our goalie and defense. Our offense had some good chances too, but unfortunately couldn't get the puck to bounce just so. Monday's game was a tough 5-0 loss. I thought we played well all things considered, but their goalie played well and we struggled to keep pressure going in the offensive zone.

## Trying Again to Get Back into a Fitness Routine

I've been trying, mostly unsuccessfully, to get back into a fitness routine over the last month. Between being sick, tired after some late hockey games, I've struggled to get into a rhythm. I tried starting my next cycle lifting and found the weight I was lifting to be a little more than I could comfortably handle. I think at this point, I'm going to stick with the routine, but do a reset and drop the weight. When I get into a rhythm, I'm good, but once I get out of it, it's easy to stray.

## Cooking

### Sausage Tortellini Soup

It's (almost) winter, and it's soup season. I found [this recipe](https://damndelicious.net/2025/01/24/sausage-tortellini-soup/) online and it tured out really well. I'll definitely make it again, though I might add another cup of stock to help make it a little more "brothy".