---
title: "Week Notes for December 7 - 13 (#78)"
date: '2025-12-14T18:11:54.044Z'
permalink: /week-note/78/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of December 7 through December 13."
tags:
  - Christmas
  - Holidays
  - Strength Training
  - Fitness
  - Vaccinations
  - .NET
  - Linux
---
The holidays are fast approaching and it's nice to be able to get things taken care of with time to spare.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Finished Christmas Shopping

I was able to finish my Christmas shopping this week. I try not to wait until the last minute which saves me some hassle later. Now I can mostly just relax for the rest of the season.

## My Poor Muscles

My workout routines have been all out of whack over the last couple months. I haven't really been able to consistently hit the gym, which means when I do, I end up with what is called the DOMS (Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness). It's not fun for me for a few days after the workout. My hamstrings, quads and glutes are all screaming at me. I'm fine once I get moving, but I'm hoping I can finally get back into some sort of rhythm.

## All Vaccinated

I should've taken care of it in September or October, but I got my COVID and flu shots this week, so I should be protected this upcoming season. I was worried I'd have to jump through more hoops for my COVID vaccine, but thankfully I was able to get it easily enough. Impeach RFK Jr. Now!

## .NET 10 and Linux

I've been struggling to get .NET 10 running on my Linux Mint desktop, I've tried various how tos that always seemed to successfully install, but didn't end up showing when running the `dotnet --list-sdks` command. I finally [figured out how to get it work](/posts/2025/12/14/installing-net-10-on-linux-mint-222/) using the `--install-dir` parameter with the `dotnet-install` [script](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-install-script).