---
title: "Week Notes for January 25 - 31 (#85)"
date: '2026-02-01T15:29:44.395Z'
permalink: /week-note/85/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of January 25 through January 31."
tags:
  - Snow
  - Cold Weather
  - Sinners
---
This week started off with a pretty bit snowstorm. The rest of the week was just brutally cold with highs only in the teens (-6 to -12 ºC). Needless to say, I'm happy to be inside with heat.
<!-- excerpt -->

## The Snow

Sunday was full of snow, and then unfortunately, sleet. This meant that while clearing the driveway twice Sunday wasn't too bad with the snowblower, Monday was hell. On Monday, the sleet and snow caused a frozen layer to form on the driveway which meant the snowblower ended up being useless. I had to take a metal shovel to scrape off and break it up and then shovel it off. My hip and back were glad when that was all over.

The layer of sleet has also made Tess very unsure about walking. She's light enough to walk on top of the snow as if it were a solid surface, but heavy enough that she'll occasionally fall through. It's caused her some consternation and she's clearly disconcerted. She's used to snow that she can just plow though and move about. I feel bad for her, but welcome to life in the northeast in winter.

## Sinners

I finally watched [Sinners](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt31193180/) Friday night. I see why it got nominated for all the awards. The movie was fantastic. 

## Coming Down with Something

Towards the end of the week I started coughing. Feels like your run of the mill cold, but I'm spending this weekend being lazy. I've worked on my side project, wrote a bunch, and vegged out on the couch. No use over-exerting myself.

## Recipes

### Creamy Chicken and Gnocchi Soup

It's soup season and I had some leftover gnocchi lying around so [this recipe](https://www.cookingclassy.com/creamy-chicken-gnocchi-soup-olive-garden-copycat/) fit the bill nicely. It wasn't terribly difficult to make. I used chicken tenderloin cuts which worked out well. It prevented me from having to pound the chicken as each piece was roughly the same which made cooking even. It  turned out really well.