---
title: "Week Notes for February 1 - 7 (#86)"
date: '2026-02-08T20:48:38.838Z'
permalink: /week-note/86/index.html
description: "My week notes for the week of February 1 through February 7."
tags:
  - Cold Weather
  - Music
  - Bandcamp
  - Bandcamp Friday
---
This was a mostly quiet week. It warmed up a bit in the beginning, but dropped back into single digits by the end. A lot of time was spent indoors.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Change of Pace at Work

I spent Thursday and Friday working on a different project at work. The project is sort of a mess and finding resources for it has generally been a challenge since not much has been going on with it for a while. A few urgent bugs came in and I got tapped to investigate them. Despite not necessarily being excited about it, I was able to find the issues and started work on a solution.

## Staying Warm

Despite the warmer temperatures in the early week, it's still been a little too bitterly cold to do much of anything outside. Tess gets her walks, but they're a little shorter than normal. It's just too cold to be outside for too long.

## Bandcamp Friday

Friday was Bandcamp Friday where all the proceeds from music purchases go directly to the bands themselves. I decided to splurge a little. I ended up buying 9 albums and a single.

- American Aquarium - Antique Hearts: Revisited
- American Aquarium - Slappers, Bangers & Certified Twangers: Volume One
- American Aquarium - Things Change
- The Menzingers - Hold On, Dodge
- Thursday - War All the Time (Live)
- Lax Poetic - My Best Impression of Being Okay
- Free Throw - Lessons that We Swear to Keep
- Microwave - Stovall
- Microwave - Let's Start Degeneracy
- Jared Hart f/ Ben Nichols - Ready to Go
