---
title: "Week Notes for February 15 - 21 (#88)"
description: "My week notes for the week of February 15 through February 21."
date: '2026-02-22T13:24:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/88/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Node.js
  - Personal Sites
  - Site Updates
---
It was a mostly quiet week. Had hockey 2 nights, a nice date night Saturday, and otherwise uneventful.
<!-- excerpt -->

## I-League Starts Back Up

The I-League I play in as a goalie started back up Monday. The roster changed over this season some which often happens. We played a strong game. Outside of trading goals in the first period, that game ended up being a goalie battle. Both me and our opponent's goalie played well and the game ended in a 1-1 tie. I was happy with my performance, didn't feel rusty after 6-7 weeks off from games. Still saw some things I could work on.

## Migrated Blog Tooling to Node.js

I have a few .NET console applications that help me build my posts and site. I spent a good portion of this week rebuilding them using Node.js to make switching between my Mac and Linux machines a little easier. More to come on this.

## Lazy-ish Week

Outside hockey Monday and Wednesday nights, I didn't work out as much as I wanted to. I did take advantage of the nicer weather Saturday to go for a 5.5 mile run which actually felt good.

## Date Night

Saturday night was another date night. We went to Stable 12 for dinner followed by the movies to see *Good Luck, Have Fun, Don't Die*, which was enjoyable. It was a good way to spend a weekend night.

{% renderTemplate "webc" %}
<media-box
  title="Good Luck, Have Fun, Don't Die"
  link="https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1341338"
  image="https://i.postimg.cc/J09zLP0g/good-luck-have-fun-dont-die.jpg"
  rating="4"
>
  I really enjoyed this. It was offbeat, had some good laughs, cast was excellent, and would highly recommend.
</media-box>
{% endrenderTemplate %}

## Recipes

### Miso Chicken

I found [this recipe](https://therecipecritic.com/miso-chicken/) and decided to give it a try. I had never used miso paste for anything and figured this would be a good candidate to first try it out on. The chicken thigh skins crisped up nicely and the flavor was subtle, yet still good. It was also a nice easy recipe to make and a good weeknight meal. The only thing I found was that it took around 50 minutes in the oven at 400ºF rather than the 30-35 mentioned in the recipe. It's not a big deal at all, especially since it's just baking time.