---
title: "Week Notes for February 22 - 28 (#89)"
description: "My week notes for the week of February 22 through February 28."
date: '2026-03-01T10:27:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/89/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Weather
  - Focus
---
It was a weird week. Weather was gorgeous at the end of it to counter some frustrations.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Back-to-Back Hockey Games

On Monday night I ended up playing back-to-back games helping out another team who needed a netminder. Talk about a tale of two extremes. The first game I hardly faced any shots, winning 3-0. The second game was me getting hammered with shots. I managed to stop all but 2, and unfortunately, that's all it took as we lost 2-1. I felt good about my play despite the loss.

## Some Frustrating Days at Work

We went live in production on one of the projects I'm working on at work with the .NET 10 upgrade. Everything looked good in the lower environments, but in production we've been getting reports of issues. Most of the week has been us struggling to figure out what is going on as we're not seeing any errors to indicate a problem, nor can we reproduce what's being reported. Hopefully we'll find some hints soon.

## Struggling to Focus

This entire week I've just been distracted and struggling to focus on whatever it is that I want to work on. I wanted to get more writing done, but just couldn't focus enough to actually put words to paper. Can't really place a reason for it, but I'm hoping I can regain some of it.

## Beautiful Saturday Weather

Saturday the temperature hit 60°F (~16°C). For the end of February, it was crazy. I took advantage of that and went for a run and sat out on my porch with Tess catching up on my RSS feeds. I also finally ripped out my Ring doorbell to [avoid joining](https://www.404media.co/leaked-email-suggests-ring-plans-to-expand-search-party-surveillance-beyond-dogs/) [the dystopian surveillance dragnet](https://www.404media.co/with-ring-american-consumers-built-a-surveillance-dragnet/). I could've done it in the cold, but it's easier to handle tools without my hands freezing.
