---
title: "Week Notes for March 8 - 14 (#91)"
description: "My week notes for the week of March 8 through March 14."
date: '2026-03-15T10:39:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/91/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Sick
  - Mystery
  - Health
---
It was a quiet week for the most part. The biggest downside is that I woke up feeling crummy Saturday.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Smoke Alarm Mystery

Over the last three weeks, my wife and I have been dealing with a mystery in one of our bedrooms. The smoke detector keeps going off. There's no sight, smell, or hint of smoke in the room. I've tried rotating the smoke detectors around (we have 4 identical ones) and regardless of which detector is in that bedroom, it is the one that goes off. So I suspect there's something in that room causing the problem. The problem is that I don't know what. I've had humidity in our basement trigger the one in our basement, but it's March, it's not humid, and it's definitely not humid in the bedroom.  Dust is another potential, but I've blown them out with compressed air, and they're not even three months old. I bought and installed them January 1st! So it's still a mystery to figure out what in that room is causing the smoke alarm to trigger.

## Bombers Season Over

Tuesday was my hockey team's final game of the season. We ended up outmatched, losing 6-0. Ouch. It was a bummer of a season. We finished 6-12 so a slight improvement from last season. Either way, it was still a fun season. Good way to get some exercise, socialize and have some fun. Next season starts in less than a month and my other league is still going, so I'll still get plenty of hockey in. 

## Sick

Saturday morning I started feeling crummy. Feels like a cold. Sore throat, runny nose, and just generally lethargic. Fortunately we had no plans this weekend so I plopped myself down on the couch and relaxed all day. I spent a lot of the day going through my RSS feeds as I was well behind on them. It was a relaxing day that I would've enjoyed more if I was feeling so drained of energy. It stinks too because I was doing well with hitting my workouts this week. Runs Monday, Wednesday and Friday, combined with strength training Tuesday and Thursday. I was in the groove. Hopefully this passes quickly enough and I can get back to it. Rest should do me good.