---
title: "Week Notes for March 15 - 21 (#92)"
description: "My week notes for the week of March 15 through March 21."
date: '2026-03-22T18:05:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/92/index.html
tags:
  - Sick
  - Weather
  - Porch Weather
  - Running
  - Sunroom Remodeling
  - Spring
---
Spent the first half recovering from a cold, then enjoyed the nice weekend weather.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Recovering

I took it easy this week recovering from whatever cold I caught. Monday was crud and I missed hockey, but starting Tuesday I got back on the mend. My nose was like a faucet most of the week, but it's starting to get back to normal...just in time for allergy season. Despite the urge to get right back out exercising, I opted to rest most of the week to put myself in a better position.

## Beautiful Weekend Weather

Other than some rain overnight on Friday, the weather has been gorgeous. All weekend I spent time out on my porch going through my RSS feeds, writing, and enjoying the nice weather. I did get back on the exercise train, taking advantage of the weather to run Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Only 3-4 miles each, but it felt good to be out running in shorts and a t-shirt.

## Yard Work Season

It's spring, so that means the weather is nice enough for me to do some yard work. It ends up being too hot in the summer, so I try to do most of the necessary work in the spring and fall. This weekend's task was to get some dirt and finally plant grass where the oak tree we had to have taken down two years ago sat. I had to hold off on the grass seed as I realized we need to have a plumber over to fix our outdoor spigot as it snapped off at the end of last year. It'll give us time to see if we need more dirt as it settles, but it's always something with home ownership.

## Finally Starting the Sunroom

Last week, before I got sick, I started putting the first coat of primer on the beadboard. Friday, I put the second coat on. Due to the furniture, I'm doing half the room at a time, but it looks nice being all white. I need to do the two coats of paint on the window sill and trim, then two coats on the walls, then shift the furniture and do it all over again. Might not be the most efficient, especially since we'll be revamping the room afterwards, but it's nice to have some progress made.

## Cooking

### Chicken Pot Pie Pasta

[This](https://therecipecritic.com/chicken-pot-pie-pasta/) turned out great. It had a nice creamy texture that you'd expect to find in a chicken pot pie. The egg noodles were a nice touch.