---
title: "Week Notes for March 29 - April 11 (#94)"
description: "My week notes for the week of March 29 through April 11."
date: '2026-04-12T18:32:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/94/index.html
tags:
  - Cape May
  - Vacation
  - Yard Work
  - Alton Brown
---
I was on vacation last week so this week is a double issue.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Cape May Trip

Cape May is one of my wife and my favorite places to be. Right by the Atlantic Ocean. Salt air and breeze, it's gorgeous and active year round. We decided to spend a long weekend there for my wife's birthday. The weather was mostly cooperative, though it rained on Easter. It wasn't a big deal as the temperature was nice we just sat out on Congress Hall's veranda covered and protected from the rain.

It was a relaxing trip. We didn't do all that much overall. A trip to some wineries, and breweries, but other than than that, we just relaxed, reading, writing, and enjoying some time away from work. It was perect.

## Short Work Weeks

Thanks to the long weekend, I had back to back short weeks at work. I felt productive the days I was in, but it's always nice to have a break.

## Back to Yard Work

It's spring time here in Pennsylvania, which means we need to get back to taking care of our yards and gardens. I'm finally going to seed the spot in our yard where we had to take down a massive oak tree two years ago. I also want to finish clearing out the brush around one of our trees in the side yard that I meant to do last year but never got around to. And of course, back to mowing the lawn. I want to take care of most of this now before the temperature gets to be too hot. Working outside in the 60s is fine. 80+ out...not so much.

## Alton Brown

On Saturday, my wife and I drove out to Lancaster, Pennsylvania to see [An Evening of Alton Brown](https://www.altonbrownlive.com/). I'm a fan of his since I watched [Good Eats](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0344651/). I appreciate the way he mixes in science, food history, and jokes into talking about food and recipes. He describes his show as Julia Child meets Monty Python and Mr. Wizard. The show matches that, as did his live appearance. He went through some of his thoughts on food and as always did it in an interesting and humorous way with some live demonstrations. It was a fun night and if he by chance goes on tour again, I'd definitely go.
