---
title: "Week Notes for April 26 - May 3 (#97)"
description: "My week notes for the week of April 26 through May 3."
date: '2026-05-04T15:13:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/97/index.html
tags:
  - Work
  - Music
  - Concerts
  - Music Festival
  - Sing Us Home
---
This week's notes includes an extra day as I was at a music festival all weekend and didn't get the chance to get this up yesterday.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Work Starting to Ramp Up

One of the projects I've been on is finally getting some focus put on it at work. It's been one of those projects that you dread finding out there's an issue with as there have been many different teams working on it and there's been a lot of questions as to who owns what parts. Well ownership has now condensed to my team and work has been lining up to add and improve it. I've been working on re-building its foundations for the upcoming features. It's been a challenge, but in a good way.

## Sing Us Home

One of my favorite musical artists is Dave Hause. He's a Philly native who has a nice mix of punk, rock, and even a little folk. This is the fourth year he's put on the [Sing Us Home](https://singushomefestival.com/) music festival in Manyunk, Philadelphia. My wife and I finally pulled the trigger and bought tickets this year, especially once we found out The Menzingers were going to be one of the headliners. It'd had been something I'd been wanting to go to since he first announced the first one in 2023 but was always waffling worried about weather, rain, brutally hot weather and the like. I'm glad I finally decided to just go. It was a lot of fun with a lot of great music. It ended up being my first music festival.

It had a fantastic line-up.

### Friday

1. Moustapha Noumbissi
2. Apes of the State
3. Hause Family Campfire featuring Ted Leo, Jenny Owen Youngs, Dave Hause & Will Hoge
4. Tribute to Lilith Fair featuring Dave Hause, Will Hoge, Tim Hause, Jenny Owen Youngs, Ted Leo, Will Hoge, and Luke Preston

### Saturday

1. Laney Lebo
2. Will Hoge
3. Tim Hause & the Pre-Existing Conditions
4. Emily Wolfe
5. Chris Cresswell
6. The Flatliners
7. Dave Hause & the Mermaid
8. The Menzingers

### Sunday

1. Church and State
2. Augustines
3. Rick Barry
4. Dave Hause & the Mermaid
5. Jared Hart & Tim Hause
6. The Mountain Goats
7. Brian Fallon

As fun as it was, I'm glad to be off my feet today. I'll definitely plan to go again next year.