---
title: "Week Notes for May 4 - 9 (#98)"
description: "My week notes for the week of May 4 through May 9."
date: '2026-05-10T11:47:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/98/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Work
  - Testing
  - Cooking
  - Mothers Day
---
It was a long week with a few too many late nights thanks to hockey.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Lots of Hockey

Monday was an I-League practice session that I opted to skip given that I was out late the last three nights because of the music festival. I figured two nights would be enough hockey for me and I needed to catch up on some sleep. Life had other plans. I was asked to sub in as goalie Tuesday night for a higher division which meant I ended up playing Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday nights. Friday night was the interesting one. I started out as a skater, scored a goal, then had to quickly get changed into my goalie gear to finish up the game in net after our goalie got hurt (he's fine, but it was a good precaution at the time).

## Work Training

The company I work for is doing a little bit of reorganizing and is now folding the end-to-end (e2e) testing into the development department. They were originally handled by the QA teams, but now the devs will be taking responsibility for them. This past week was a lot of preparation for the training in the upcoming week to get us ready to take over. Some of it was a little frustrating, but such is the way jobs are sometimes.

## Battling the Weather for a Mother's Day Dinner

Saturday for dinner we hosted my in-laws for a Mother's Day dinner. I wanted to grill some steaks, but the weather reports were shaky as to whether the rain was expected to continue through the dinner hours. We opted to hedge our bets and buy both some steaks and the ingredients for a baked ziti. If the weather held, steaks...if it didn't baked ziti. Around 3:30pm, it was still raining, so I decided to go with the baked ziti. It turned out well and it was still a nice time with family. And as it turned out, the skies let up and we could've grilled, but I'm not upset about the decision, it was the right call, and I'll just vacuum-seal the steaks, and freeze them for later.

## Cooking

### Roast Pork Tenderloin

I wanted to make [this](https://recipeteacher.com/best-damn-oven-roasted-pork-tenderloin/) a few weeks ago the day our oven started sparking. I ended up making it Friday and it turned out well. The pork was juicy and flavorful. It was a simple recipe to make and I made potatoes and green beans to go along with it. It turned out well.