---
title: "Week Notes for May 10 - 16 (#99)"
description: "My week notes for the week of May 10 through May 16."
date: '2026-05-17T12:34:00.000Z'
permalink: /week-note/99/index.html
tags:
  - Hockey
  - Yard Work
  - Tess
  - Dogs
---
It was a mostly quiet week. I was able to get some yard work done, and even ventured out into the world with Tess.
<!-- excerpt -->

## Yard Work

At the end of last week I got mulch and dirt delivered. The dirt was for where the massive oak tree we had to have cut down two years ago. I'm finally getting around to planting some grass to get rid of the giant mulch circle. I laid down the dirt and seed, topped it with some straw to hopefully fix that spot in the yard. The mulch was for our garden beds and then to cover the dirt in our side yard that I cleared out several weeks ago. It was a lot of sweaty work, but it looks nice. Still waiting on the grass, but otherwise I feel accomplished.

## Avoiding a Broken Thumb

Wednesday night's Bombers game didn't go particularly well, especially after the first period where I took a fall onto my thumb. I managed to finish the game, probably on adrenaline, but my thumb hurt like hell after. I eventually went to urgent care after work Thursday and thankfully it's just a bruise. As of right now, there's a little pain, but it feels mostly better.

## Taking Tess Out

Saturday we ventured over to a local brewery with Tess for a beer. We want to get her acclimated to joining us from time to time. She's a good, sweet girl, but we want to see how she handles being out in public around other people and dogs. She loves everyone and wants to say hi to just about anyone who walks by. She handled it well and it's nice to know that it's likely we'll be able to take her places. We'll still have to ease her into public, but so far so good.
