src/content/booknotes/jeff-kosseff-liar-in-a-crowded-theater.md, before:

---
title: "Liar in a Crowded Theater"
subtitle: "Freedom of Speech in a World of Misinformation"
author: "Jeff Kosseff"
coverImage: https://i.postimg.cc/RZT2zd36/liar-in-a-crowded-theater.jpg
rating: 4
date: '2024-09-06'
permalink: /books/jeff-kosseff-liar-in-a-crowded-theater/index.html
categories:
  - Technology
  - Politics
  - Free Speech
purchaseLinks: [
  { title: 'bookshop.org', url: 'https://bookshop.org/p/books/liar-in-a-crowded-theater-freedom-of-speech-in-a-world-of-misinformation-jeff-kosseff/19780472?ean=9781421447322' },
  { title: 'Johns Hopkins University Press', url: 'https://www.press.jhu.edu/books/title/12911/liar-crowded-theater' }
]
---

To say I've been upset at the lies, misinformation, and disinformation we see on social media and various TV channels would be an understatement. It makes me angry that people are duped about COVID, voting rights, and who knows what else. But as angry as I might be, the 1st Amendment allows for the speech, and that's the right call.

Kosseff does a good job going through past legal cases regarding speech. He explains what the cases were about and why the rulings made were decided the way they were and their importance.

I appreciated his way of explaining the cases and pointing out some of the finer points and nuance of the decisions. He explains why we might not like the decisions, but why they're better than the alternatives.

It might be a little infuriating, but it's important and a good read.

Commit message:

New Book Notes
New Book Notes for:

- Nuclear War by Annie Jacobsen
- Battle Cry of Freedom by James M. McPherson

Small updates for book notes

src/content/booknotes/jeff-kosseff-liar-in-a-crowded-theater.md, after:

---
title: "Liar in a Crowded Theater"
subtitle: "Freedom of Speech in a World of Misinformation"
fullTitle: "Liar in a Crowded Theater: Freedom of Speech in a World of Misinformation"
author: "Jeff Kosseff"
coverImage: https://i.postimg.cc/RZT2zd36/liar-in-a-crowded-theater.jpg
rating: 4
date: '2024-09-06'
format: 'Hardcover'
permalink: /books/jeff-kosseff-liar-in-a-crowded-theater/index.html
categories:
  - Technology
  - Politics
  - Free Speech
purchaseLinks: [
  { title: 'bookshop.org', url: 'https://bookshop.org/p/books/liar-in-a-crowded-theater-freedom-of-speech-in-a-world-of-misinformation-jeff-kosseff/19780472?ean=9781421447322' },
  { title: 'Johns Hopkins University Press', url: 'https://www.press.jhu.edu/books/title/12911/liar-crowded-theater' }
]
---

To say I've been upset at the lies, misinformation, and disinformation we see on social media and various TV channels would be an understatement. It makes me angry that people are duped about COVID, voting rights, and who knows what else. But as angry as I might be, the 1st Amendment allows for the speech, and that's the right call.

Kosseff does a good job going through past legal cases regarding speech. He explains what the cases were about and why the rulings made were decided the way they were and their importance.

I appreciated his way of explaining the cases and pointing out some of the finer points and nuance of the decisions. He explains why we might not like the decisions, but why they're better than the alternatives.

It might be a little infuriating, but it's important and a good read.
