---
title: 'TV I Watched in 2023'
date: '2024-01-02'
permalink: '/posts/2024/01/02/tv-i-watched-in-2023/index.html'
tags:
  - TV
  - Year-End Review
---

Sometimes I find it hard to just sit down and watch TV. It’s why my backlog is quite long.
<!-- excerpt -->

## My Favorite Series

*Star Trek* kind of overloads my favorites, but given my biases, that’s to be expected.

1. **Star Trek: Picard**
The final season was definitely a nostalgia fest. It was nice to see the whole cast back together.

2. **Star Trek: Lower Decks**
Season 4 of Lower Decks continues to live up to both the message of Star Trek while also being irreverent and humorous. Still getting plenty of laughs and enjoyment.

3. **Star Trek: Strange New Worlds**
Season 2 continued to deliver. The cast and stories were fantastic.

4. **Band of Brothers**
This had been on my list for a long time and the series was absolutely fantastic. It’s a dramatization of “Easy” Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division in World War II. It was done really well, the acting is phenomenal, and it gives you a lot of respect for what the soldiers went through. I would *highly* recommend.

## Series I Enjoyed

While not my favorites, these were enjoyable as well.

1. **Jack Ryan**
Finally watched seasons 3 and 4. Both were enjoyable. The cast was solid and there was a good amount of intrigue.

2. **Frasier (2023)**
Many reboots end up falling flat. Season 1 of the Frasier reboot was good. I enjoyed it and its humor.

3. **For All Mankind**
Season 3 was excellent, and season 4 so far has been great as well.

4. **Mythic Quest**
As a video game fan, and a fan of Sunny, this so far has been a great series. I’m looking forward to the next season.

5. **Halo**
This one I’m not quite sure of. I’m not sure where exactly they’re taking the series. Didn’t hate it, but as a fan of the video games, I’m slightly skeptical.

6. **Altered Carbon**
Season 1 was definitely better than 2. But overall it was an interesting sci-fi story.

7. **American Gods**
The biggest knock on this is that the series was cancelled before they could finish the story. It left a very bad taste in my mouth, but I can’t exactly blame the writing.

8. **Salt Fat Acid Heat**
This was an interesting documentary on some of the foundations of cooking. I wish there was a little more info on the recipes she cooked for the show, but that might be related towards buying the book.

9. **Schitt’s Creek**
I enjoyed this, good humor and some good characters.

10. **The Roosevelts**
This was a phenomenal documentary series on Teddy, FDR & Eleanor. I learned quite a bit about their lives, what they went through, and some of the “why” they did what they did.
