---
title: "Car Subscription Features Raise Your Risk of Government Surveillance, Police Records Show"
date: '2025-05-28T15:07:52.682Z'
link: https://www.wired.com/story/police-records-car-subscription-features-surveillance/
author: Dell Cameron
permalink: /notes/car-subscription-features-raise-your-risk-of-government-surveillance-police-records-show/index.html
tags:
  - Cars
  - Privacy
  - Dell Cameron
---
> Nearly all subscription-based car features rely on devices that come preinstalled in a vehicle, with a cellular connection necessary only to enable the automaker's recurring-revenue scheme. The ability of car companies to charge users to activate some features is effectively the only reason the car’s systems need to communicate with cell towers. The police documents note that companies often hook customers into adopting the services through free trial offers, and in some cases the devices are communicating with cell towers even when users decline to subscribe.
> 
> In an August 2022 email, one detective noted: “In some vehicles, again [it] depends on manufacturer, the vehicle is still doing this despite the lack of an active subscription, and just sending the data back to the mother ship. This could be due to collecting user data for what the manufacturer sells it for, to providing this data to try to sell you on renewing your [subscription] package that lapsed.”

I'm not looking forward to getting my next car...I like my dumb car. I don't need my car constantly sending data to Honda or who knows who else.

> “Location data is some of the most sensitive, revealing information that is generated by our devices, including our cars,” the EFF’s Crocker says. “It's extremely revealing of obviously where you go and where you've been, but also all the people you associate with and all the things you're doing. You can paint a very clear picture of someone's life with just a list of all the places they've been in their car. The Supreme Court has made that very clear.”

You'd be surprised how much can be determined about you based on looking at where you go.